# `legacy-javascript` Validation Tool

The LegacyJavaScript audit checks if a page is polyfilling Baseline web features. The vast majority of websites don't need to do that.

This tool creates many projects using specific babel transforms / polyfills (called variants) and aggregates the results of the LegacyJavaScript audit for each.

This tool validates that the LegacyJavaScript audit detects JS generated by corejs, even if minified and with no source maps present.

Parts of this folder is also used to generate the data needed to run the audit.

First, be sure to install this folder's dependencies:

```sh
yarn
```

## Updating polyfill data

This grabs the latest corejs/caniuse-lite data, and updates the polyfills that need to be detected.

```sh
bash update.sh
```

## Validate

Run:

```sh
node run.js
# `STAGE=build|audit|all node run.js` to just build the audits or run LegacyJavaScript on them. Defaults to both (`all`).
```

`summary-signals.json` - summarizes the signals that LegacyJavaScript finds for each variant. Variants in `variantsMissingSignals` (excluding `core-js-*-preset-env/baseline_true_*`) signify a lack of detection for that variant. Full coverage isn't necessary.

`summary-sizes.json` - lists the size of each minified variant. Useful for understanding how many bytes each polyfill / transform adds.

Additional validation happens in `core/test/audits/byte-efficiency/legacy-javascript-test.js`.

## Interpreting Results

There are two outputs to this test:

* summary-sizes.txt
* summary-signals.json

`summary-sizes.txt` lists each of the variants (grouped by type) and sorted by their byte size. This is mostly a diagnostic tool and changes in this can be ignored. This is checked in for purely informative reasons–whenever lockfile is updated, changes in `summary-sizes.txt` give an indication of how transforms or polyfills might be changing in the developer ecosystem. It's also a quick reference for the relative cost of each of these transform/polyfills.

`summary-signals.json` is for preventing regressions in the audit. `.variantsMissingSignals` should at least have the babel-preset-env=true variant (since this whole test is about finding signals when babel-preset-env is NOT used). There may be more missing variants since it's just a heuristic. The number of these should only go down as the pattern matching improves.

For the signals of each variant, the expectation is that the number of them only goes up.

## Notes

Digging into core-js: https://gist.github.com/connorjclark/cc583554ff07cba7cdc416c06721fd6a
